Add utility to parse duration string into ms (#561)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/time/duration2ms/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( str )
    Parses a duration string and returns a number of milliseconds.

    A duration string is a string containing a sequence of time units. A time

>     unit is a non-negative integer followed by a unit identifier. The following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    unit is a nonnegative integer followed by a unit identifier. The following
```

    unit identifiers are supported:

>     -   `d`: days
>     -   `h`: hours
>     -   `m`: minutes
>     -   `s`: seconds
>     -   `ms`: milliseconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  d: days
    -  h: hours
    -  m: minutes
    -  s: seconds
    -  ms: milliseconds
```

Update to follow `repl.txt` style guide.
